Oh
you
I'm Pam win with events by travel and
transport and ultramar travel I'm also
the president of MPI in New Jersey I'd
like to welcome you to the 18th annual
golf outing on this glorious day we have
a great year for you ahead with mpi new
jersey it is our 30th anniversary this
year we have great education plan
starting in September we have great
networking and we're going to be doing a
lot of special events
the mpi New Jersey golf outing is a
great event for us as sponsors it gives
us an opportunity to showcase our
portfolio hotels mpi New Jersey does a
great job at organizing the show it's
always very well attended I have clients
that return year after year and I always
meet new clients as well nice to get a
chance to meet with the clients outside
and a fun setting as opposed to just in
the office we look forward to welcoming
you to our Carlson Rezidor family of
hotels
and it's a 20-plus seer member of the
New Jersey chapter of meeting
professionals international I have far
gained more than my investment in time
and energy with this chapter the
relationships that I've cultivated the
networking opportunities the education
the journey is all yours network meet
people cultivate relationships gain
education do what you want with it and
your career will unfold in front of you
I get an opportunity to meet with
potential clients at mpi events but I
also get a chance to sharpen and my
relationships with the other resources
that i use to execute my business as
well so it's it's a great tool it's a
great group I've been involved since for
18 years I can't tell you how valuable
the cold camaraderie they're coming
together the meeting of potential
clients and all of my other resources
and friends that we have here on such a
great day look at you while you too I'm
an Madden here with my soul sista Mitzi
madni all madden team I am a current
president of the Philadelphia chapter of
MPI soon to the immediate past president
in about a week and it's been such a
rewarding experience it's a fabulous day
here my membership with mpi has been so
valuable with the relationships that I
built
and the networking opportunities really
the number one event that everybody
wants to go to go to it's wonderful
battling for the sponsors but for the
planners and everybody else and we're
looking forward to supporting our
friends in atlantic city during w/e next
year in 2016 love our partners in AC and
we're looking forward to bringing it
home for them reception at the end where
they have wonderful raffle prizes a
50-50 great food it's just perfect
you
silent auction is still open ladies
number 3 2 1 708
Oh
go to have some it and airfare is
included